I'm a student from India and want to learn Machine Learning . i think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern  .But I've no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship. In this circumstance , it  is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate . Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs . So I'm badly in need of this financial aid. Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses, which in turn will help me in future . Sir we are two brother and sister we are at learning stage and it become a lot of difficult for the family member to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject.
2.Receiving this course will boost my self-confidence, knowing that I not only completed a very important task, but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting me closer to my career goals. I believe in the importance of earning a college degree.  The course award will only push me further towards my Accounting degree and my dreams of one day having a successful career as an ML . Being the first generation in my family to attend college, I have always aspired to learn the right way to manage money and to produce successful budgets. I also believe in giving back to my community by helping others in financial crisis, so they won’t have the same financial burdens that I had growing up in a single family household. Five years from now I see myself employed at a large local firm, crunching numbers, evaluating, and solving certain financial matters. I just feel blessed that I am given the opportunity to be awarded a course to help fulfill my dream and I will prove that I do have what it takes to not only be a successful student, but an outstanding accountant